Every time you have to go pee for the rest of the night you must bring someone of the opposite sex with you.
Twerk for a minute.
Go up to a pretty stranger of your choice and ask them for a kiss.
Pretend I’m a stranger at a bar. Try to pick me up and convince me to come home with you.
Get on the table (or in the middle/front) and do a strip tease.
Smooch a guy/girl for 1 minute, without parting your lips.
Do a round of Fuck - Marry - Kill between the 3 people to your right.
Belly dance for a minute.
Seductively and lovingly get massaged by the first person next to you.
Unzip someone’s zipper slowly without breaking eye contact.
Beg another player to spank you while making a sexy face until he/she complies.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind right now.
Spell out a short, sultry message on my body…with your tongue.
Stimulate two parts of my body at once. Use your hands on one part and lips on another.
Remove your partner’s underwear without removing her/his other clothes.
Unhook the nearest woman’s bra.
Call an ex of your partner’s and get advice on how to deal with one of your partner’s annoying habits.
Touch yourself a little faking getting a lot of pleasure.
Give another player a sensual massage.
Do 20 push ups, take off your shirt and flex while someone from the group records it.
Become the slave of another player of your choosing for 10 minutes.
Go find your old Halloween costume and put it on for me. Then, let’s decide what to role play.
Give someone you choose a hickey on the chest.
Choose any color of clothing that you are currently wearing. All players must remove any clothing that is this color for 2 rounds.
Trade all clothes (this includes underwear) with someone of the opposite sex.
Suck one of his/her fingers for 30 seconds.
Play 2 minutes of a porn-vid on the highest volume.
Meet me in the closet for a round of seven minutes in heaven. The rules? You must keep the making out above the belt.
Lick the toilet seat. Or drink 3 glasses of alcohol within one minute.
Someone gives you a back massage for one minute while you’re blindfolded. If you like their style, you can choose to kiss them afterward, but without knowing their identity.
Freeze your underwear for 20 minutes then put it back on.
Pour some liquid on your partner’s body and lick it.
Spank your partner’s butt.
Blindfold a friend and have them kiss three objects. Just don’t tell them what they are.
Pour a trail of sugar from the small of my back to my neck. Now, lick it up.
Make out with someone of the opposite gender for 2 minutes.
Pretend to stroke the genital area of the player to your left.
Take off your bra until the game is finished.
Use a voice-changing filter on Snapchat and send someone a snap saying ‘I wanna hug you till you die’.
Find an empty bottle. Play Spin the Bottle for at least 10 minutes.
Seduce a member of the same gender in the group.
Go outside and say ‘I love you’ to the first person you see.
Go to Cosmopolitan’s website’s love section and find a position you’ve never heard of. Then, try to act it out using whatever furniture and pillows you have at your disposal.
Pull down your pants and let another player spank you for 30 seconds.
Go to your neighbor’s and ask for a banana in a sexy voice.
Do an impression of your partner.
Squeeze the butt cheeks of the person to your right.
Blindfold yourself, spin around for ten seconds, whoever you are pointing to at the end, go in the next room and enjoy 7 minutes of heaven.
Make love to something in the room (person or object).
Lick your partner’s butt.
Wear the socks and shoes of a member of the opposite sex of your choice until your next turn.
Using your fingers, find a way to give me goosebumps right now.
Flash everyone in the room for three seconds.
Massage your partner’s chest.
Make out with the player on your right.
Choose someone to draw a tattoo on your butt.
Give someone head with their pants on.
Make a porno in front of the group. You must do everything the group says to do for 5 minutes.
Trade underwear with the player closest to you.
Pee out of a fourth (or higher) floor.
Have 7 minutes in heaven with someone.
Show the group your butt.
Show the group your boobs.
Do a ‘Spaghetti dance-off’ (a couple each takes one end of dry spaghetti in their mouth and dance).
Play paper-rock-scissors with someone. The winner gets to fondle the loser, the loser has to let them do it.
Take off two pieces of clothing, the group decides which pieces.
Fake having an orgasm.
Make out with me like we used to before we started having sex.
Moan as loud as you can without laughing.
Exchange clothes with a member of the opposite sex, while everyone watches, of course.
French kiss a person’s bellybutton.
Update your Facebook status, asking if anyone knows “who Monkeyman69 on chatroulette is”.
Moan with pleasure for 15 seconds.
Remove 2 pieces of clothes.
Lick your partner’s breasts.
Get in the shower with all your clothes on.